You've made it to the next lesson in the functional programming course.
In the previous lesson,
we talked about the ideals and general principles of functional programming,
but did you notice how JavaScript wasn't talked about?
That's because it's not really a functional language.
But we can still write good functional style JavaScript.
From here on out, I'm going to make a distinction between functional programming,
the pure academic lambda calculus rules,
and the functional style where we take queues from functional programming and
apply them practically in languages not traditionally recognized as functional.
In this lesson, we'll cover the tools and syntax
we have within JavaScript to write functional programs.
最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6